hey guys it's Mel here again from loose
weight look fab and I've got a really
quick simple
spaghetti and meatball pasta to share
with you today
and so just few ingredients keep it
simple but it's a great budget saving
recipe as well so to start with I'm
going to put that right I'm going to get
the sauce on and fought for the
meatballs so yeah start with the cutting
up hem a pepper if you want to get some
really thin strips up there some red
pepper and then dice that up finally you
want to finely chop up an onion as well
and while does it's all very 9 you need
to get some water on for your spaghetti
as well so you might want to get sauce
pan on okay before you crush your garlic
up I just want to put some fry night in
the pan and get that going again crush
your garlic up okay so you just want to
add the garlic the onion and peppers to
a hot pan and just let that sweat down
for a couple minutes okay for the
meatballs what I'm going to do I'm going
to take some sausages I've just got some
Sainsbury's they're low fat sausages
here just going to squeeze them out cut
that in half if you just literally just
push it together and there you have it
so if a quick little meatball and just
do that to the rest of them until
they've all been used up okay while
you're rolling these you want to put
another frying pan on put some fry light
in so that that's ready when all of
these are finished rolling up all right
so the peppers and the onions that's all
looking good so I'm just going to add to
that and start her from about 400 grams
or so some mix herbs
black pepper a touch of salt give that a
good mix and let that sauce reduce down
okay so while the sauce is reducing down
what you want to do is you're going to
put those meatballs that you've just
rolled up that into a hot pan and get
them all browned off look at that lovely
sauce sauce that can serve reducing down
nicely if you find that the tomatoes are
a little bit asset for you you can add
some sweetener of some kind and I'm just
using the slicker it one here agar be
nectar but you can use whichever you're
most comfortable with and then give that
a good stir okay so the meatballs have
just browned off nicely what I'm going
to do I'm just going to finish them off
in the sauce so place them gently in the
source without breaking them up okay now
that's been cutting down for the last of
about 10 minutes so looking really good
so what I'm going to do is I'm going to
get full with some spaghetti in and down
get that all served up there you have it
I'm just going to finish that off with
some Parmesan cheese you've got a lovely
nutritious healthy meatball pasta herbal
spaghetti and meatballs it's done in
less than half an hour and it costs less
than a fiver hope you enjoy for the full
details of the recipe log below this
video thanks for watching